 https://codepen.io/eesalinas/pen/poEyOwg?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML are tags that are used to display or define elements in code. They dont affect the code and are used to help the developer have a greater understading and explanation of the code that has semantic HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is a Hyper Text Markup Language that is used for displaying information on web browsers.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a way to use HTML to display information without actually manifesting the information on the web page. It can be used to direct to another webpages or website via a link.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to symbolize the biggest heading on the webpage and should only be used once per web page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The anchor tag and image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The title of the web page and "meta charset="utf-8".
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is used as a selector in CSS used to style a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can only add an id to one element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once.
    10. What is a class?
    A class is used as a selector in CSS used to style multiple elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add many elements to 1 class and create many classes.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You can use the anchor tag to implementate an href attribute that will direct you to the link that you wish to open in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute displays a text if the image that was used for the tag can't be seen.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id in CSS you must first type "#" followed by the name of the id you are referencing.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag is used to organize different parts of the web page while the div tag is used to divide and group HTML elements.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is a language that is used to style and shape the contents of a web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select every h2 on a page you must first use the "*" character after selecting the desired element to select all.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a selector that can be used with multiple elements and an id is a selector that can only be used with 1 element. An example of when to use an id is useful to use when only wanting to style one specific element on each page. An example of when to use a class is to create a mutliple classes for styling multiple elements in groups. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS you must place a period followed by the name of the element you are selecting.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    Select the class by using ".human".
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    This selects the elements which are incased within the element specified.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    By using the ":link" selector.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is used to give specific properties to a certain element. For example, using the pseudo selector, ":hover", changes the element to have a hover effect when interacted with.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    You can change the spacing between lines in the text by using "line-height".
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    You can change the spacing between letters in the text by using "letter-spacing".
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You can select which element to style and change the size of the letters using "text-transform:" and using "uppercase", "capitalize", or "lowercase" depending on how you want to style the text. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    When making a selector make sure to include the "1px" in with the color and dotted preferences.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using the "*" character will select all elements on the page.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    By containing the comment between "/*" and "*/".
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    By using the pwd command.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    By using the ls command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    To removed a file use the "rm" command. Using this command has the potential to unintentionally delete code on accident.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because the information in the system keeps getting updated which is useful since it tracks or keeps a history of the information.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Everytime the developer makes a change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First you must fork the repository, then clone the repo by obtaining the url from the repo and pasting it into git. Then you must create a branch named after yourself and continue to work on the assignment. Next, you must push or upload your repo to github and create a pull-request at the end. 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?